README.md, before:



  <p align="center"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/zDBwVSf.png"></p>
  
  # Best Snow
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

  ## Description
  This website shows the snowpack across the western US.

  # Table of Contents
  1. [Installation](#Installation)
  2. [Usage](#Usage)
  3. [License](#License)
  4. [Contributing](#Contributing)
  5. [Tests](#Tests)
  6. [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Description
  This website shows the snowpack across the western US.

  ## Installation
  Just open up the website

  ## Usage
  Don't be dumb

  ## License
  MIT License <br>Copyright (c) 2021, Paul Vatterott <br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: <br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. <br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  ## Contributing
  Feel free to contribute!

  ## Tests
  Don't be an idiot

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions please reach out through email or Github. <br>
  My email is pfvatterott@gmail.com <br>
  My Github can be accessed [here](https://github.com/pfvatterott)

Commit message:

Added actual README, removed extra description section

README.md, after:



  <p align="center"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/zDBwVSf.png"></p>
  
  # README Generator
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

  ## Description
  This application is run through the terminal and automatically generates a README file after asking the user a few questions. It was built using NodeJS and the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer). 

  # Table of Contents
  1. [Installation](#Installation)
  2. [Usage](#Usage)
  3. [License](#License)
  4. [Contributing](#Contributing)
  5. [Tests](#Tests)
  6. [Questions](#Questions)

  ## Installation
  Clone this repository, make sure to install all npm dependencies by running "npm i" in your terminal then run "node index.js".

  ## Usage
  This is a command line program only. Open your terminal and run "node index.js" after install all npm dependencies.

  ## License
  MIT License <br>Copyright (c) 2021, Paul Vatterott <br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: <br>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. <br>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  ## Contributing
  Please feel free to contribute! Reach out to me through my email or Github listed below

  ## Tests
  Once the program is running it will ask you a series of prompts. You can either type in the answer, press the keys "y" or "n" if prompted, or select from a list of items using your arrow keys.

  ## Questions

  If you have any questions please reach out through email or Github. <br>
  My email is pfvatterott@gmail.com <br>
  My Github can be accessed [here](https://github.com/pfvatterott)
